samples/README.md, before:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Google Local Auth: Node.js Samples](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth)

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]][shell_link]



## Table of Contents

* [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
* [Samples](#samples)
  * [Quickstart](#quickstart)

## Before you begin

Before running the samples, make sure you've followed the steps outlined in
[Using the client library](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth#using-the-client-library).

`cd samples`

`npm install`

`cd ..`

## Samples



### Quickstart

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth/blob/main/samples/quickstart.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/quickstart.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/quickstart.js`






[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[shell_link]: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/README.md
[product-docs]:

Commit message:

docs: add sample note to README (#66)

samples/README.md, after:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Google Local Auth: Node.js Samples](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth)

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]][shell_link]

This library is meant to demonstrate authentication for sample purposes; it should be treated as a starting point for building an application, and is not a general purpose solution. To explore authentication options, see our [authentication library for Node](https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-nodejs).

## Table of Contents

* [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
* [Samples](#samples)
  * [Quickstart](#quickstart)

## Before you begin

Before running the samples, make sure you've followed the steps outlined in
[Using the client library](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth#using-the-client-library).

`cd samples`

`npm install`

`cd ..`

## Samples



### Quickstart

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth/blob/main/samples/quickstart.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/quickstart.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/quickstart.js`






[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[shell_link]: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-local-auth&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/README.md
[product-docs]:
